fix: dates sent as ISO not DD-MM-YYYY (#122)
collective/volto-form-block: README.md

> > **Note**: Since version v2.1.2 of this addon, it's required Volto 14.2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Since version v2.1.2 of this add-on, Volto 14.2.0 or later is required.
```

>

> > **Note**: Since version v3.0.0 of this addon, it's required Volto >= 16.0.0-alpha.38

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Since version v3.0.0 of this add-on, Volto 16.0.0-alpha.38 or later is required.
```

> > **Note**: Since version v3.11.0 of this adddon, it's required it's required [collective.volto.formsupport](https://github.com/collective/collective.volto.formsupport) 3.1.4 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Since version v3.11.0 of this add-on, [`collective.volto.formsupport`](https://github.com/collective/collective.volto.formsupport) 3.1.4 or later is required.
```
